Because you are mine
Why did you promise your mother not to coax you?
You are disobedient
Why does he look so serious?
Mom?
He can't marry anyone else
He obviously shut up
Come home with me!
Broken stinky mom
Grandpa Di, you Di
fast forward
Our wedding isn't over yet
Sorry.
Ashes
Di
What's the matter
Hurry up and save me
younger brother
It's all my fault, it's all my fault, it's all my fault
What's the use of hitting yourself?
All because of me
How is the boss Xiaozhi?
The patient is bleeding profusely
Urgent need for bleeding
Who is my blood
I was wrong.
Did Xiao Yi try?
The executive office can't accept the writing to find me
Mr. Gao can't
You can't
When can you stop making trouble?
Anyone can save you
You can ask anyone to save me, not because of you
You are his biological father